Fix for loki.source.api urls (#4352)
grafana/agent: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix bug where `stage.timestamp` in `loki.process` wasn't able to correctly
  parse timezones. This issue only impacts the dedicated `grafana-agent-flow`
  binary. (@rfratto)
  

> - Add `/loki/api/v1/raw` and `/loki/api/v1/push` to `loki.source.api`, additionally the `/api/v1/push` and `api/v1/raw` now map to 
>   the `/loki/` prefixed endpoints. (@mattdurham)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug where JSON requests to `loki.source.api` would not be handled correctly. This adds `/loki/api/v1/raw` and `/loki/api/v1/push` endpoints to `loki.source.api` and maps the `/api/v1/push` and `/api/v1/raw` to 
  the `/loki` prefixed endpoints. (@mattdurham)
```
